---
title: European Directive for the encouragement of long-term shareholder engagement
key: 1
---

On September 3rd 2020, the amended European Shareholders' Rights Directive (SRD II) and related implementation regulation went into force.
The legislation establishes specific requirements that
* stimulate long term shareholder involvement with EU-listed companies to ensure that the decisions of shareholders take into account the companies’ long-term stability;
* make it easier for shareholders to exercise their voting shares in general meetings of shareholders.
Banks that administer the shareholdings for their securities account holders play a central role in the implementation of the legislation. They are required to inform accountholders that own individual shares in EU-companies about their upcoming shareholders' meetings. They are also obliged to facilitate the use of the voting rights of their accountholders.
AGMinfo supports both shareholders and banks in these processes:
* We provide shareholders with easy access to information about shareholders' meetings;
* We offer banks the possibility to receive from their accountholders, through a standardized STP (SRDII compliant) process, the registration- and voting instructions for shareholder meetings. This is easier and more cost-efficient than non STP  processing of the same information.
Furthermore AGMinfo can support banks in all other SRDII-related processes. This includes the transmission of their customers’ registration and voting instructions (and confirmations of entitlement) to EU-listed companies and the return confirmation to their customers that their votes have been validly recorded and counted by the listed company.
If you are a financial intermediary and are interested to know more about our services, please fill in this **[contact document](/contact/)**.
