---
title: Why Annual General Meetings of Shareholders of listed companies matter to society.
key: 2
---

From a legal perspective an Annual General Meeting (AGM) of shareholders only impacts the governance of a company. The AGM allows shareholders to discuss and vote on company issues such as the selection of the company's board of directors and approving the company’s annual accounts.
However, more and more listed companies take on vital roles in society. They have become “too big to fail”, they play a pivotal role in implementing non-discriminatory pay for workers and living wages in the third world , they must prevent money laundering etc. As a result, the long-term stability of these companies and therefor the proper functioning of their AGM’s, has increasingly become a matter of public interest.

But that is not all.

As part of its “New Green Deal” initiative, the EU-Commission is contemplating new legislation to promote sustainable corporate governance. This legislation aims to remove root causes in corporate governance regulations and practices that hinder the transition to an environmentally and socially sustainable economy. In this way the corporate sector becomes even more involved with public oriented tasks.

The company’s board and its shareholders will need to be vigilant that listed companies are fully compliant with this new legislation. Not just to meet all Environment, Sustainable and Governance (ESG) principles to which the company has committed itself, but also to safeguard a company’s commercial license to operate.