---
title: Rights of shareholders
key: 6
---

By law, shareholders hold certain rights:
1. **The right to information**: Shareholders have a right to information. Publicly listed companies make this information publicly available.

2. **The right to vote**: Shareholders may cast their votes at Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings of shareholders.
3. **The right to influence fundamental changes in a corporation**: Any cardinal changes require shareholder approval, such as:
   * Mergers and takeovers: When two companies become one, the shareholders of the company being taken over must agree to the merger. The approval of the consuming company's shareholders may be necessary or not, depending on that company’s bylaws. When two companies merge into an altogether new entity, the shareholders of both companies must agree to the merger.
   * Dissolution: Unless it is an involuntary dissolution, the dissolution of a company also requires the shareholders' approval.
   * Remuneration policies: Remuneration policies of the members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board require shareholders’ approval.
4. **The right to make changes in governing documentation**: Shareholders can vote for any changes to the governing documents, such as amendments to the charter or the bylaws of the company.
5. **The right to hold meetings**: Corporations must hold yearly shareholder meetings to discuss and vote on the annual governance actions such as the approval of the yearly accounts. Directors and large shareholders have the right to request extraordinary meetings for any type of an issue.
6. **The right to make proposals**: Shareholders who hold a certain percentage of outstanding shares may suggest voting topics for shareholders meetings. Except for regular business operations and strategy, shareholders may make proposals pertaining to any other aspects of the company, such as environmental or labour practices, political spending etc.
7. **The right to transfer ownership**: Shareholders may trade their stock on the exchange market.
8. **The right to dividends**: Shareholders are entitled to profits in the form of dividends. The board of directors determines the percentage of profits to be paid out.
9. **The right to sue for wrongful acts**: This right protects shareholders against poor management.
