---
layout: "layouts/page.njk"
title: "Terms and conditions"
metaDesc: General terms and conditions for the services offered and available through this webpage.
description: ""
backgroundImage: ""
---

## Terms and conditions

General terms and conditions for the services offered and available through this webpage.

*   By making use of the (information) services offered and available through the webpages (the “Webpages”) of this Internet application (the “Application”) the user agrees to these General Terms and Conditions (“GTC”).
*   The Webpages contain an aggregation of public information that has previously been published elsewhere by other parties and are intended solely for the purpose of reference. The Webpages provide no type of investment recommendation or legal, tax or other advice, and nothing included therein should be interpreted as a basis for investment or decision-making. The contents of the Webpages are for informational purposes only and should under no circumstances be used or considered as an offer of sale, request for an offer of sale, or to conduct any other transaction. The accuracy or completeness of any information that is made available on the Webpages remains the sole responsibility of the party that is the original publisher of that information notwithstanding the limitation of liability as stipulated in article 7 of the GTC.
*   Although the information shown on the Webpages is compiled with care no guarantee is given that this information is and/or will always be correct and/or accurate and/or complete. Those involved in the formation of the Webpages, including but not limited to the parties who place information in the Application, the parties that manage and/or host the website on which the Application is located, the parties that own websites on which the Webpages are embedded, the parties that are the original publishers of the information, the owners of the Application and the builders of the Application’s software cannot accept liability for any consequences, including but not limited to any damages and loss of profits, that are, in any way, shape or form, the result of the use (or the impossibility of use), trust in or actions based upon information on the Webpages. Although it is the aim that the Webpages are continually accessible on any website where the Webpages are published or embedded, no liability is accepted for any consequences that are, in any way, shape or form, the result of such a website being inaccessible for any period of time, for any reason whatsoever. The website on which the Webpages are embedded or located may be made temporarily or permanently inaccessible without prior notice.
*   In the event that you are directed through the Webpages to a website of another organisation, it is pointed out that no responsibility is assumed for the accuracy and completeness of the content of the website of such other organisation and that no liability is accepted for the correct and proper functioning of such a website.
*   Users of the Webpages may access, download and print the available information for personal use free of charge. Users may not access, download, print, distribute or rely on the available information, if doing so may constitute a breach of any applicable local laws or regulations.  Users may not copy, link to, or in any way (re-)distribute or (re-) publish (a part of) the Webpages (European database directive 96/9/EC). Persons or organizations that perform services for investors or are professionally involved with shareholder meetings and who wish to use (part of) the Webpages for a purpose other than personal use may use the contact form to indicate that they are interested in the services offered by us in this area.
*   In the event you have asked us a question through “contact” then, in order to formulate a reply, we have your permission, without any further consultation with you,
    *   to contact the organisation(s) that you (may) have mentioned in your email;
    *   forward your complete email to the organisation(s) that you (may) have mentioned in your email;
    *   forward your complete email to an organisation that in our opinion is qualified to help you with obtaining an answer to your question and with whom we have made an arrangement to do so. In the event such services are not free of charge, the costs will be communicated to you before any work is undertaken.
*   Any legal relationship that originates through the use of the Webpages or through one of the commercial services that are related to the Webpages or the Application is subject, exclusively, to Dutch law. If, in spite of the limitations in liability as stipulated in these general terms and conditions, anyone that is involved in the delivery of any service under a contractual obligation related to the Webpages or the Application, including but not limited to the parties who place information in the Application, the parties that manage and/or host the website on which the Application is located, the parties that own websites on which the Webpages are embedded, the parties that are the original publishers of the information, the owners of the Application and the builders of the Application’s Software is/are nevertheless held liable, except for damages that are the result of gross negligence (“gross guilt”) or willful misconduct (“intent”), for any other reason whatsoever, than the amount that can be paid out as damages by the liable party to the claiming party under that contractual obligation is maximised at the total amount that has been paid by the claiming party to the liable party for the services in the contract year that the damages occurred.
*   The original language of the GTC is English. If they are translated into another language and there is any dispute about the contents or meaning thereof then the English text shall be binding.
*   Disputes between parties that relate to services offered on or through the Webpages or the Application will, in the first instance, be laid before the competent judge in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
